Add ChainId to registry.json, can be obtained dynamically (#2258)
trustwallet/wallet-core: docs/registry-fields.md

Human Readable Prefix used to prefix an address, used to indicate type of address, to minimalize risk of accidental address mix-up across chains.
Ex. `'bc'` for Bitcoin, `'cosmos'` for Cosmos.

**`chainId`**

> Chain identifier, used by forks, e.g. in case of Ethereum (a decimal number), or Cosomos (a string ID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chain identifier, in case of Ethereum it's a constant decimal number; in Cosmos, it's a dynamic string network id (different after each upgrade)
Please note the chain id might not be always latest in registry.
```
